c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.dll.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\application.Domain.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\aplication.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\application.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.dll.config
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\application.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\application.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.dll
C:\Users\Olga\Desktop\application.starkov\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.pdb
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.dll.config
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.pdb
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\application.Domain.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\application.Domain.pdb
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\application.starkov\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.pdb
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.dll.config
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.pdb
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\application.Domain.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\application.Domain.pdb
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.dll
E:\Docs\WinDecor\WinDecor.by\windecor.by\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.pdb
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.dll.config
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.pdb
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\application.Domain.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\application.Domain.pdb
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor.by\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.pdb
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.dll.config
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.pdb
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\application.Domain.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\application.Domain.pdb
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.dll
E:\Docs\GITHUB\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.pdb
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.dll.config
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.pdb
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\application.Domain.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\application.Domain.pdb
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.dll
D:\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.pdb
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.dll.config
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\application.WebUI.pdb
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\application.Domain.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\application.Domain.pdb
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.dll
D:\Starkov\windecor\windecor\application.WebUI\obj\Debug\application.WebUI.pdb
